Welcome.
Today is a big day for me and Wenwen
Thank you all for coming to our wedding
Here it is.
I would like to thank Mr. Li of the Li Group
Mr. Wang Wan Jiaqi of Wang Group
Aren't you going to give an explanation?
Yes, Wan Jiaqi, isn't this Master Jie's wife?
What does it have to do with you?
How am I with him?
It has nothing to do with you
Why doesn't it matter?
You dare to dig into the corner of Master Jie
I'm afraid you think your life is too long.
This Master Wan Jie spared your life
You cuckold others on your back feet
What if he knew?
You are afraid that ten lives are not enough
How to speak
You saw it for yourself
He came to me.
Did I hear it right?
Wanjia has a great career
Master Wan is even more famous
You, you're trash who can't even get a job
He can come to you
He's blind.
You are really bragging
If this woman comes after you
I'll kneel down and lick your shoes
What I say is what I say
I warn you.
Don't be infatuated here
Don't say it's Mr. Jie
Even we can't spare you
understand
The first time I met you
Just fell in love with you
Your beautiful appearance
Your bits and pieces
It's etched in my head
I love you and I am willing to take care of you for the rest of my life
Will you marry me?
Marry him marry him marry him marry him
willing